README.md, before:

# Toolbar Manager

Toolbar Manager for the Space Engineers game.

## Features

This plugin allows for saving and loading toolbars. For example you can 
quickly load a "standard" toolbar into any game, which can greatly speed
up your builds by using toolbar slots you have already memorized.

This plugin works for both offline and online multiplayer games without
the need for any server side support. All your save files are local, 
nothing is stored on a server.

### Toolbars

The **G menu** has two new buttons to manage saved toolbars:
- Save
- Load

**Merge** is the same as **Load**, but does not clear slots not used by the toolbar loaded.

Saved toolbars are stored as XML files under: `%AppData%\Roaming\SpaceEngineers\ToolbarManager`

There are subdirectories for each toolbar type. Toolbars within the same type are compatible,
altough they may not have the same amount of slots available.

It is possible to save the toolbar from a cockpit and load into a remote control, for example.

### Planned features
- Showing the layout of the toolbar in the saved toolbar list
- Restricting the load/merge operations to certain toolbar pages
- Multiplying the available toolbar pages
- Moving and swapping toolbar items using mouse drag&drop
- Moving toolbar items between toolbar pages
- Swapping toolbar pages

Please join the Discord (see below) and tell me which one you would use, 
so they can be fast-tracked.  

## Installation
1. Exit from Space Engineers
2. Install the [Plugin Loader](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2407984968)
3. Start Space Engineers
4. Open the Plugins menu (should be in the Main Menu)
5. Enable the Toolbar Manager plugin
6. Save and let the game restart

After enabling the plugin it will be active for all single- and multiplayer worlds.

*Enjoy!*

## Want to know more?
- [SE Mods Discord](https://discord.gg/PYPFPGf3Ca)
- [Plugin Loader Discord](https://discord.gg/6ETGRU3CzR)
- [YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCc5ar3cW9qoOgdBb1FM_rxQ)
- [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/semods)
- [Source code](https://github.com/viktor-ferenczi/toolbar-manager)
- [Bug reports](https://discord.gg/x3Z8Ug5YkQ)

Please support me on Patreon if you would like to receive regular updates 
and improvements to this client plugin and to get the plugin updated as 
new (potentially incompatible) game versions are released.

Thank you and enjoy!

## Credits

### Patreon Supporters

#### Admiral level
- BetaMark
- Mordith - Guardians SE
- Robot10
- Casinost
- wafoxxx

#### Captain level
- Diggz
- lazul
- jiringgot
- Kam Solastor
- NeonDrip
- NeVaR
- opesoorry
- NeVaR
- Jimbo
- Lotan

#### Testers
- Avaness
- ...

### Creators
- avaness - Plugin Loader, Racing Display
- Mordith - Guardians SE
- Mike Dude - Guardians SE
- SwiftyTech - Stargate Dimensions
- Fred XVI - Racing maps
- Kamikaze - M&M mod
- LTP

**Thank you very much for all your support and hard work on testing!**

Commit message:

1.2.0 (#4)
- JSON toolbar saves in addition to XML
- Showing the number of filled slots on each page in the saved toolbar list

README.md, after:

# Toolbar Manager

Toolbar Manager for the Space Engineers game.

## Features

This plugin allows for saving and loading toolbars. For example you can 
quickly load a "standard" toolbar into any game, which can greatly speed
up your builds by using toolbar slots you have already memorized.

This plugin works for both offline and online multiplayer games without
the need for any server side support. All your save files are local, 
nothing is stored on a server.

### Toolbars

The **G menu** has two new buttons to manage saved toolbars:
- Save
- Load

**Merge** is the same as **Load**, but does not clear slots not used by the toolbar loaded.

Saved toolbars are stored as XML files under: `%AppData%\Roaming\SpaceEngineers\ToolbarManager`

There are subdirectories for each toolbar type. Toolbars within the same type are compatible,
altough they may not have the same amount of slots available.

It is possible to save the toolbar from a cockpit and load into a remote control, for example.

### Planned features
- Restricting the load/merge operations to certain toolbar pages
- Multiplying the available toolbar pages using new hotkeys and saved toolbars
- Moving and swapping toolbar items using mouse drag&drop
- Moving toolbar items between toolbar pages
- Swapping toolbar pages

Please join the Discord (see below) and tell me which one you would use, 
so they can be fast-tracked.  

## Installation
1. Exit from Space Engineers
2. Install the [Plugin Loader](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2407984968)
3. Start Space Engineers
4. Open the Plugins menu (should be in the Main Menu)
5. Enable the Toolbar Manager plugin
6. Save and let the game restart

After enabling the plugin it will be active for all single- and multiplayer worlds.

*Enjoy!*

## Want to know more?
- [SE Mods Discord](https://discord.gg/PYPFPGf3Ca)
- [Plugin Loader Discord](https://discord.gg/6ETGRU3CzR)
- [YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCc5ar3cW9qoOgdBb1FM_rxQ)
- [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/semods)
- [Source code](https://github.com/viktor-ferenczi/toolbar-manager)
- [Bug reports](https://discord.gg/x3Z8Ug5YkQ)

Please support me on Patreon if you would like to receive regular updates 
and improvements to this client plugin and to get the plugin updated as 
new (potentially incompatible) game versions are released.

Thank you and enjoy!

## Credits

### Patreon Supporters

#### Admiral level
- BetaMark
- Mordith - Guardians SE
- Robot10
- Casinost
- wafoxxx

#### Captain level
- Diggz
- lazul
- jiringgot
- Kam Solastor
- NeonDrip
- NeVaR
- opesoorry
- NeVaR
- Jimbo
- Lotan

#### Testers
- Avaness
- ...

### Creators
- avaness - Plugin Loader, Racing Display
- Mordith - Guardians SE
- Mike Dude - Guardians SE
- SwiftyTech - Stargate Dimensions
- Fred XVI - Racing maps
- Kamikaze - M&M mod
- LTP

**Thank you very much for all your support and hard work on testing!**
